# CS-340-T3342-Client-Server-Development-23EW3
## How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
There are many little ideas that affect a program’s maintainable, readable, and adaptable, but the main way of upholding those ideals is by having a modular design.  In project one, we developed the CRUD Python module that set the standard transmitting data from the controller to the model.  Project two is the dataset viewer which uses the information from CRUD model but does not directly interact with it.  By separating these scripts into the MVC pattern, we simplify the concept and remove dependencies.  The CRUD module can be used in another design as well as the server and the viewer.
## How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
Naturally, the best way to solve a problem is to break it down into smaller problems.  In the case of project two, I bug-tested each section of the webpage from top to bottom.  The data table, pie chart, and map each took a lot of trial and error and so was done individually to ensure that it worked properly.  This project approach does not differ much from other projects in terms of strategy as I believe it is the most effective strategy.  For future projects, the strategy would be the same but the knowledge I’ve gained from this course would make it a smoother process.
## What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists write programs for digital applications.  It is important for well-developed applications since technology is improving and expanding its users.  More people have access to phones than ever before and the applications written on it helps the user with entertainment and education.  My work here would help a company like Grazioso Salvare sort through data without any technical skills.  It educates the user with a dataset that they can easily manipulate without prior learning.
